Change 'we' as in MDN to 'they' as in the svelte team. (#36417)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/svelte_typescript/index.md

> [!NOTE]
> If you are curious about how TypeScript transpiles our code to JavaScript, you can have a look at the [TypeScript Playground](https://www.typescriptlang.org/play/?target=1&e=4#example/hello-world).

> First-class TypeScript support has been Svelte's most requested feature for quite some time. Thanks to the hard work of the Svelte team, together with many contributors, they have an [official solution](https://svelte.dev/blog/svelte-and-typescript) ready to be put to the test. In this section we'll show you how to set up a Svelte project with TypeScript support to give it a try.

Reviewer: The original is not wrong. "We have a solution" means "we, as users, now have a solution for this problem". It's not saying "we have created an official solution".

Reviewer 2: @Josh-Cena FWIW I think that "they" is slightly better, whether or not the original is technically OK.

> See the [Module resolution for bundlers, TypeScript runtimes, and Node.js loaders](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/modules/theory.html#module-resolution-for-bundlers-typescript-runtimes-and-nodejs-loaders) section of the TypeScript manual for more information.

> [!NOTE]
> Using TypeScript in component markup sections is not supported in Svelte 4, which this guide is based on.
> So while you can use JavaScript from the markup, you'll have to use TypeScript in the `<script lang='ts'>` section.
> Typescript in component markup is allowed from Svelte 5.

> > So while you can use JavaScript from the markup, you'll have to use TypeScript in the `<script lang='ts'>` section.
> > Typescript in component markup is allowed from Svelte 5.

Reviewer 2: Fix cursed github misbehaving.

```suggestion
```

> See the [Module resolution for bundlers, TypeScript runtimes, and Node.js loaders](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/modules/theory.html#module-resolution-for-bundlers-typescript-runtimes-and-nodejs-loaders) section of the TypeScript manual for more information.

> [!NOTE]

> > Using TypeScript in component markup sections is [is supported](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/pull/9482) in [Svelte 5.](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/releases/tag/svelte%405.0.0). If you are using a version less than 5, you'll have to use JavaScript from the markup, and TypeScript in the `<script lang='ts'>` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using TypeScript in component markup sections is supported since Svelte 5. If you are using a version less than 5, you'll have to use JavaScript from the markup, and TypeScript in the `<script lang='ts'>` section.
```

I don't know if our guide is using Svelte 5 or not in general. No one is maintaining it. If not, then we probably need to do a full rewrite for Svelte 5.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using TypeScript in component markup sections is supported from Svelte 5. If you are using a version less than 5, you'll have to use JavaScript from the markup, and TypeScript in the `<script lang='ts'>` section.
```

Reviewer 2: > I don't know if our guide is using Svelte 5 or not in general. No one is maintaining it. If not, then we probably need to do a full rewrite for Svelte 5.

Agree. Its a little risky to add if we haven't updated to Svelte 5, but on balance probably OK.
If we can work out the current version it would be good to add a note in the first document to state the level it was written against.

@shellheim FMI Are you likely to be doing more thorough updates in these documents?

Author: Well not really. And no the guide doesn't use version 5. It had been less than a day since the release when I made this PR. But the guide will probably need a _total_ rewrite. Though major chunks of concepts like: 

- `export let`
- `let reactiveVar`
- `$:`
and most importantly `svelte/store` are now obsolete.

Author: I think your suggestion is the best way to write this but maybe we should also indicate that the guide is using the svelte 4 technique. Like: 

 ```suggestion
> Using TypeScript in component markup sections is supported from Svelte 5. In earlier versions, you'll have to use JavaScript from the markup, and TypeScript in the `<script lang='ts'>` section. This guide is written for version 4, so we'll also use this method.
```

Reviewer 2: Agree safter, but because we're targeting svelte 4 let's note the way it is done now.

```suggestion
> Using TypeScript in component markup sections is not supported in Svelte 4, which this guide is based on, so while you can use JavaScript from the markup, you'll have to use TypeScript in the `<script lang='ts'>` section. Typescript in component markup is allowed from Svelte 5.
```
